hi my name is Ashlyn Ella daughter of
Cinderella and I have a problem a shoe
problem
the famous Ashlyn Ella has a certain
weird addiction to smelling people's
shoes wearing people's shoes stealing
people's shoes hey I need those those
are my dancing shoes and eating people's
shoes hey what are you doing gonna come
out of here I guess you could say I'm
pretty shoot saccular that's funny
no it's not ashlynn Ella must overcome
her weird addiction but she won't do it
alone
dr. Dexter otherwise known as Dexter
charming son of Prince Charming will
help her so Dexter uh actually Ashlyn I
would prefer if you referred to me as
simply dr. Dexter thank you very much oh
okay um dr. Dexter what do you suggest I
do well I don't know your addictions
pretty bad but I suggest talking it over
with your friends keeping it a secret
it isn't gonna help okay so I was
suggested by dr. Dexter to confess to my
friends about my problem so I'm going to
first tell Apple as she's my closest
friend oh my goodness Ashlyn I'm so glad
we get to talk it's been an awful long
time I I have a confession
oh yeah well me too me Dexter have
decided to give it a break now I know
that was probably a shocking Apple what
girl okay
I love shoes well duh you are the
daughter of Cinderella yeah but I never
told you but then it was kind of you
know homecoming and stuff and we were
out there
want in your dress oh yeah good times
but those shoes that you wanted to wear
out thrown coming go missing yeah that
was a real bummer are you saying you
stole them not exactly look I ate your
shoes what I knew confessing to Apple
would be hard but none of you could
imagine the pain I went through I ate
your shoes Apple you ate my cute little
sparkly red pumps I know I'm so sorry
and I'm ashamed of what I did
no I have to go Ashlyn wait but I'm
sorry no Ashlyn sorry doesn't cut what
you did to my cute red pumps I was so
excited to wear them for you what the
heck Ashlyn you're a shoe eating freak
huh well now this is embarrassing so
that was it after telling Apple nearly
all my friends now think I'm insane but
I helped my boyfriend hunter would see
differently
ah Hunter sweetie yeah schlund I've got
something important to tell you
uh yeah sure but could it be quick cuz
I've got to go see a movie with the guy
soon um right well remember about um a
week ago when your you kept complaining
about your shoes smelling of vanilla oh
yeah that was proper weird I think it
was probably daring playing a joke on me
or something spraying my shoes with
perfume weirdo I know you see how I
smell of vanilla all the time though yes
okay well that time when you went in the
shower I stole
your shoes and ran around my room with
them on you wore my shoes yes um okay
just don't wear them when I'm wearing
them uh see ya
wait so you're not freaked out uh no but
uh look I gotta go
see you sweetie huh so hunter didn't
seem to care
which I guess is good but I've yet to
tell someone else my mother ha Ashley my
daughter how kind of you to consider
visiting it's just so unlike you to want
to visit your family I uh thanks mom no
no probably would you like some scones
I could make some skins for you no I've
got a confession a confession yeah i
toad liquor now even the whole family
reputation did you think about you toast
I don't to tie you up and throw you to
Captain Hook remember neck even here
make a better husband than hunter
husband hunter cor blimey girl you
married hunter Huntsman no mom that's
not my confession oh really
yes I'm not marrying hunter
oh well then do tell me dear what is it
you must tell your mother um I have an
addiction to shoes what so how'd it go
awful all my friends think I'm insane
well has your addiction lessened at all
nope yesterday I took Cerises boots and
started eating them then when she caught
me I ran off and hid them in a ditch and
then last night I took them out and ate
them again you you can eat shoes twice
it's a gift that runs through my family
do not make fun of my culture okay well
it seems like we're running out of
options
already yeah there's only one thing I
can think think of um try going barefoot
are you kidding me that's the most
stupid thing I've ever I am totally cool
this I'm not gonna freak out I couldn't
do it
so what i'm ashlyn Ella and I have an
addiction to shoes there's no problem
with that
I'm just gonna be myself heck I'm gonna
go finish off eating so Reese's shoes
what shoes shoes shoes shoes I hate the
word shoes now